---
layout: post
published: false
category: updates
title: ''
---
1."The animated Archive"
The first topic I found interesting among emerging areas of Digital Humanities is 'the animated archive'. It refers to new ways of accessing and perceiving archival data and resources through digital representations and analysis to generate engaging and interactive experiences for users and researchers.

One of the animated archives' significance is their bottom-up content creation approach. Instead of relying wholly on researchers and analytics to curate content and build up all the knowledge and resources, the animated archive takes on a user-centered approach to the construction of archival processing. It thus breaks down the barriers between institutions and collections, incorporating the knowledge and skills of user communities to develop and interpret metadata development collaboratively. Together, professional and citizen scholars in team-based projects could engage and interpret the cultural patrimony as a public good, increasing its accessibility and receivability. It generates a new relationship between the viewer and curator, as they are no longer top-down but could be in an interchangeable situation, and both stakeholders' resources could be shared and exchanged to maximize the usability and desirability of the archival product. Besides, the animated archival is also more engaging and interactive through its use of virtual reality to establish new modes of imagination and perspectives.

2."Humanities Gaming."

The second topic I found interesting is integrating immersive gaming experiences with historical simulations and cultural values to create new forms of learning.

This is an important topic as it challenges the traditional definition of education, where game and learning are at two opposite poles. It rethinks about learning scenarios in the future, where students can play in a highly simulated and engaging virtual environment with other players around the world, achieving different learning goals through completing various game tasks. In this process, the game's content could be embedded with rich narratives in video and audio forms that address many issues which are not easily explained in textual format. Furthermore, it is also more exciting and familiar to take on for the generations of students who have grown up gaming. It could also reach a larger audience and encourages a more collaborative learning mode through multi-player playing.






